# 4-1-2021
## Meeting Start Time
- 2021/4/1/6:06PM EST

## Meeting End Time
- 2021/4/1/6:22PM EST

## Location/Medium
- Zoom

## Attendees
- Present: Eli Sokeland, Nick Burrell, Joshua Johannsen, Brayden Gates

## Minute Recorder
- Nick Burrell

## Topics Discussed
- Eli got integration tests to work on the frontend.
  - Plans on pushing tonight to introduce Cypress testing so the group can implement more testing on the frontend.
  - Must have the web app going to test it, and enter two commands <code>cypress open</code> or <code>cypress run</code>
  - More tests will be added over the weekend.
- Josh had personal things come up during the week that prevented some work this week. Plans to have issues done by Thursday at the latest.
- Nick will have the symposium submission done for Monday and either the remove categories or remove users feature done by Monday.
- Brayden will help with the styling on the frontend that Nick started earlier on in the iteration.

## Things Clarified
- All software issues must be closed by the 9th (when the iteration is due).
