# 3-25-2021
## Meeting Start Time
- 2021/3/25/6:00PM EST

## Meeting End Time
- 2021/3/25/6:29PM EST

## Location/Medium
- Zoom

## Attendees
- Present: Eli Sokeland, Nick Burrell, Joshua Johannsen, Brayden Gates, Evan Fischer

## Minute Recorder
- Nick Burrell

## Topics Discussed
- Discussed the issues we have open so far that are in progress for both the frontend and backend.
- Showed changes to the app so far.
  - Changes to the metadata to the site and the favicon.
  - Showed the changes to the view apprentices page (can view individual categories).
  - Explained change for session token.
  - Explained planned changes to have manage content button instead of add category (which will be merged into manage content)
  - Eli explained how he can implement Cypress into the system for testing.
  - We still need to research possible testing for the backend. (Evan asked if there is a way to mock Prisma, will look into)
- No changes to documentation so far. Will update them when changes are made to the app.
- Evan says what we have right now is a lot to be proud of.
- Josh asked if Evan has any references for how to implement the manage category page (using tabs).
- Discussed future plans with us after this semester.
  - Work on projects or other things you're interested in.
  
## Things Clarified
- Clarified with Evan we have at least one more meeting with him.
